---
note_type:
  - charter
tags:
  - project
  - project_charter
  - python
  - web_scraper
date: 2024-10-21T14:21:00
author: Nick Van Bergen
---

# Project Charter: Super Basic Web Scraper script.
## Summary
>[! note] Summary
>
>

>[! caution] FILES
> 1. `basic_web_scraper.ipynb` using PARA on level 1 for development purposes.
> 2. [GitHub Repo: basic_web_scraper](https://github.com/nvbergen/basic_web_scraper)
> 3. `scraper.py` a productionalized script to be run from the command line. 

## Notes
The charter is broken down into 2 slides presented in PowerPoint;
- page 1: The project charter
- page 2: Proposed Timeline and Workstream Summary
### Project Charter
The first slide is segmented into 6 sections
- Overview
- Technical Details
- Measures
- Definitions
- Approach & Timeline
- Team

#### Project Charter: Overview
 In this box, we need to describe 4 items. The overview provides a description of the direction and focus of the project. 
 
 >[!note] Business Problem / Opportunity
 > The problem is that I cannot easily view or understand HTML code generated by static site generator software like Hugo or Obsidian Publish. This limits ability to push custom CSS via `publish.css` file. 

 >[! note] **Purpose / Objective**
 >To understand and document any changes that are made to a static HTML page once deployed and stylized by a static site generator. 

>[! note] Questions to Answer (AKA Research Questions)
>How does obsidian publish apply css styling from `publish.css` and `app.css`?

 >[! note] Audience
 > Audience for the project, anyone reading GitHub repo. 
 > End user for tool: anyone wanting a way to capture html detail and save it locally in a text file. Maybe to share with an AI assistant. 
 
 
#### Project Charter: Technical Details
The next section of the charter will outline several things within the technical scope of the project.

>[! note] Data Sourcing Information:
> Source test pages come from my [obsidian site](notes.nickvanbergen.com)

>[! note] Platform
>Jupyter Notebook, python for dev
>ChatGPT for code assist (prompts to be annotated in codebase)


>[! note] Refresh Schedule
>Project is not planned to be kept up at this time. 

>[! Note] Historical Data
>Not applicable

>[! note]- Out of Scope
> - _This is a case study and therefore a buildout of a tableau dashboard is out of scope_
> - Any additional feature is out of scope.  

#### Project Charter: Measures
There is only one item in this box. 

>[! note] List of Measures or KPIs that will be included in the final product. 
> N/A

#### Project Charter: Definitions
>[! note] Definitions
>N/A

#### Project Charter: Approach & Timeline
>[! note] Approach & Timeline
> Intended timeline is a day at most. 
> Approach will be to use a chatbot assistant to develop the codebase needed. Prompts will be documented. 


#### Project Charter: Team
>[! Note] Team.
>N/A 
>Solo project

<hr>


### Proposed Timeline and Workstream
N/A

>[! caution] Important
>No known dependencies. 

## Additional resources and references
```dataview
LIST
FROM #data_literacy 
```
[[Data Literacy Leverage Expertise]] 
[[Data Literacy Know the Use Case]]
